Unpacked/Optimized version of UT1 Blacklists

See original version here: https://dsi.ut-capitole.fr/blacklists/index_en.php

Optimizations:

- Split IP-Addresses off into their own file (ips)
- Unduplicate and make domains inclusive of subdomains (remove redundant sub-domains)
- Make all domains lower-case
- Filter out invalid (syntax) domains (domains.invalid)
- Filter out URLs that can be used as domains (urls.domains)
- Remove empty files

Where original files are modified they are backupped/retained and given the .original file-name extension.


I do NOT maintain these lists and/or their content, for questions/problems/etc, please contact the original maintainer here: fabrice.prigent@ut-capitole.fr or go to https://dsi.ut-capitole.fr/cgi-bin/squidguard_modify.cgi (to add/remove).


adult  - Some adult site from erotic to hard pornography.
agressif  - Some aggressive sites.
arjel  - ARJEL which is a french certification authority for gambling sites
associations_religieuses  - religious_association
astrology  - Astrology
audio-video  - Some audio and video sites.
bank  - Online bank
bitcoin  - Sites for bitcoin mining
blog  - Some blogs sites.
celebrity  - Famous people, actors, and magazine which talk about them
chat  - Chat site
child  - Any website allowed to child (less than 10 years old)
cleaning  - Sites to disinfect, update and protect computers.
cooking  - Sites for cooking
cryptojacking  - Mining site by hijacking
dangerous_material  - Sites which describe how to make bomb and some dangerous material.
dating  - Dating, matching site for single person
ddos  - DDoS or Stresser Sites
dialer  - Dialer Sites
doh  - Site which provides DNS over HTTP service
download  - Sites which propose to download software
drogue  - Sites relative to drugs.
educational_games  - educational games sites (flash and online games )
examen_pix  - A list reserved exclusively for French students taking the PIX exam. DO NOT USE in other circumstances
fakenews  - Site which provides fakenews
filehosting  - Websites which host files (pictures, video, ...)
financial  - Sites relative financial information.
forums  - Forums site.
gambling  - Gambling and games sites, casino, etc.
games  - games sites (flash and online games )
hacking  - Hacking sites.
jobsearch  - Site to looking for job
lingerie  - Sites for lingerie
liste_bu  - A french list for educational sites. VERY locally oriented. may help libraries.
malware  - Any website which deliver malware
manga  - Any website related to manga, and cartoons
marketingware  - Very special marketing sites
mixed_adult  - Websites which contains adult sections unstructured
mobile-phone  - Sites for mobile phone (rings, etc).
phishing  - Phishing sites (same as malware category)
press  - Any press (informational) site
publicite  - Advertisement.
radio  - Internet radio sites
reaffected  - Websites which have been reaffected
redirector  - Some redirector sites, which are used to circumvent filtering.
remote-control  - site which allow remote control of user s dekstop
residential_proxies Site which provides residential_proxies
sect  - Sect
sexual_education  - Website which talk about sexual education, and can be misdetected as porn
shopping  - Any shopping, selling center
shortener  - URLs shortening sites
social_networks  - All social networks sites
sports  - Sports
stalkerware  - Site which sells spying software for everybody
strict_redirector  - Same as redirector, but with google, yahoo, and other cache/images search robots.
strong_redirector  - Same as strict_redirector, but, for google, yahoo, we are only blocking some terms.
translation  - Sites for translation
tricheur  - Sites which are designed to explains cheating on exams.
tricheur_pix  - DO NOT USE. It s a specific blacklist for french exam.
update  - Update sites for software or OS
vpn  - VPN site
warez  - Warez sites.
webmail  - Webmail sites (hotmail like...)
